My name is Greg, I've been learning Unity and C# for about 3 years self-taught. I mostly identify as a game designer - in the past I've made rulesets for play-by-post roleplaying games. The Omniverse RPG was a play-by-post website that I ran for about 6 years ending in 2019.

As far as past Unity projects, I participated in my first game jam last year and threw together Marv's Open Mic in just over a week. It's a very simple game where I handled all of the coding and editor work. It was a nice change to simply make someone else's idea (in this case, the Sound Designer), work on the logic and make it work within the time frame. You can play that here: https://egregiousgames.itch.io/marvs-open-mic (fullscreen is required). I also talked about my experience in that jam on my YouTube channel, where I review games, talk about game dev, and other random stuff. That video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HnqhJF-qwkQ

Currently I'm working on two projects, a Unity action RPG with management elements and a Tabletop RPG ruleset. This year I've mostly been focusing on the latter - I recently coded a standalone C# app to crunch probabilities for it. In Unity, I've enjoyed putting together state machines for my playable character's animations (it's 2d top-down sprites), putting in combo mechanics, staggers, smooth movement and generally working out a nice gamefeel. I've gotten used to the new input system, but haven't used the new Entity system as it seemed unnecessary for my project currently.

I used to view coding as a necessary evil to make games, but I've come to greatly enjoy the craft of it. There is beauty in good code. I've spent a lot of time learning about patterns, general coding principles, how to make clean code (I am a never-nester) and found that sometimes it's relaxing to just put aside the big-brain design and make a thing work.

I'd really like to work on a team again (the last time was in 2019). I'm pretty solo by nature and prefer having total creative control over my own ideas, but even I can get a bit stir-crazy working in isolation for many years. I'm not a huge fan of typical workplace culture - I find the workplace politics and bullshit take away far too much energy from getting shit done. I enjoy my work and want to work with other people who want to get shit done, and make fun games. Your listing immediately struck me as a studio I might get along with.

My timezone is GMT (UK time). Right now I'm aware that my portfolio is pretty blank so I'd be asking for something on the lower end of a junior dev salary - say £13 per hour. I'm willing to work full-time or part-time.

Let me know what you need, I'd love to hear more about the project.
